Add v1/messages for anthropic (#64)
agentgateway/website: content/docs/llm/providers/anthropic.md

| Setting | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| `name` | The name of the LLM provider for this AI backend, `anthropic`. |
| `model` | Optionally set the model to use for requests. If set, any models in the request are overwritten. If not set, the request must include the model to use. |

> | `routes` | Include the URL paths to route types. The keys are URL suffix matches, such as `"/v1/messages"` and `"/v1/chat/completions"`. The special `*` wildcard matches any path. If not specified, all traffic is treated as OpenAI's chat completions format. The `messages` format processes requests in Anthropic's native messages format. This enables full compatibility with Claude Code and other Anthropic-native tools.|

Reviewer: > Include the URL paths to route types.

im not sure what this means - like specify the path for each type of route?

Author: ```suggestion
| `routes` | Include the routes to the LLM endpoints that you want to support. The keys are URL suffix matches, such as `"/v1/messages"` and `"/v1/chat/completions"`. The special `*` wildcard matches any path. If not specified, all traffic is treated as OpenAI's chat completions format. The `messages` format processes requests in Anthropic's native messages format. This enables full compatibility with Claude Code and other Anthropic-native tools.|
```

1. Get your Anthropic API key from the [Anthropic Console](https://console.anthropic.com) and save it as an environment variable.

   ```bash
   export ANTHROPIC_API_KEY="sk-ant-api03-your-actual-key-here"
   ```

2. Start agentgateway with the following configuration. Make sure that the `v1/messages` route is set so that Claude Code can connect to agentgateway.
   
   ```yaml
   cat > config.yaml << EOF
   binds:
   - port: 3000
     listeners:
     - routes:
       - backends:
         - ai:
             name: anthropic
             provider:
               anthropic:
                 model: claude-haiku-4-5-20251001
             routes:
               /v1/messages: messages
               /v1/chat/completions: completions
               /v1/models: passthrough
               "*": passthrough
         policies:
           backendAuth:
             key: "$ANTHROPIC_API_KEY"
   EOF
   
   agentgateway -f config.yaml
   ```

3. In another terminal, configure Claude Code to use agentgateway that is running on your localhost.

   ```bash
   export ANTHROPIC_BASE_URL="http://localhost:3000"
   ```

> 4. Start Claude Code with the new configuration with your local environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Start Claude Code with the new configuration.
```
